<volta:xhtml xmlns:volta="https://volta-framework.com/component-books/xhtml">

    <h1><volta:node>{{DISPLAY_NAME}}</volta:node></h1>

    <volta:glossary term="DocumentNode">
        To earn the classification of a <em>DocumentNode</em>, specific criteria must be met. A directory must contain two obligatory files within it. The first file is named <var>content.*</var> and serves as the repository for the document's content. The second file, <var>meta.json</var> is essential, and it must adhere to the standards of a valid JSON file, serving as the storage space for crucial metadata.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="ResourceNode">  Any files found within the DocumentNodes directory, excluding those named <var>content.*</var> or <var>meta.json</var>, are considered ResourceNodes.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="RootNode">
            See <a href="#BookNode">BookNode</a>
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="BookNode">
        When a DocumentNode has no parent directory classified as a DocumentNode, it is considered a BookNode.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="Volta Book Format">
        The format defined by Volta-Component-Books used for storing book data.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="Volta Component">
        A PHP package that can be installed via Composer, conforming to the specific file and directory structure outlined by the Volta Framework.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="Volta Framework">
        An collection of PHP packages, each adhering to a uniform file and directory structure, used to construct a complete Volta Application instance.
    </volta:glossary>

    <volta:glossary term="Volta Application">
        A Volta Component that enables collaboration between various components.
    </volta:glossary>

</volta:xhtml>
